Oh my
[Laughter]
gosh. What is this?
[Music]
Hey, what's going on everybody for First
We F East. I'm Sean Evans and you're
watching Hot Ones. It's the show with
hot questions and even hotter wings. And
today we're joined by Anna De Armis.
She's a Golden Globe and Oscar award
nominated actress, you know, from films
like Knives Out, Blonde, No Time To Die,
and many more. Her latest project though
is a starring role in the fifth film of
the John Wick franchise. It's called
From the World of John Wick: Ballerina
and it's set to release in theaters on
June 6th. Anna de Armis, welcome to the
show. Thank you. How are you with spicy
food before we get started? I I'm not
good at all. Like I I honestly I knew
this was happening and I have been
practicing a little bit but not ready.
[Music]
Yeah, let's do
it. Okay, here we go.
Well, this is
good. Oh, I like it. I'm doing
good. This is great.
It's yummy. So, the John Wick franchise
is iconic for its imaginative use of
violence. And not to give too much away,
but I particularly enjoyed the Icegate
Massacre and the flamethrower duel. What
are the creative conversations like in
shaping a character like Eve's fighting
style? Like, were there any interesting
chats about how to tailor the signature
John Wick choreography to the skills of
a ballerina turned assassin? Yeah, I
mean I think we wanted to just keep
pushing the humor in the franchise. You
know that you watch the John Wick films
and sometimes the fights are really
intense and gory, but it's the kind of
action that you're just having so much
fun with. Like you put your fingers in
in your on your face, but you're looking
through you can't stop it. And also like
adding the val ballet element to it was
really important. Like I really wanted
to like see her. She's a woman in the
men's world and I wanted to feel like
every punch, every kick, everything was
hurting. Like I really wanted her to go
through that pain. Kind of reminds me of
the experience of doing Hot Ones. You
know what I mean? Like there's a certain
pain that you just become familiar with.
You know what I mean? And that always
allows you to push through cuz you know
on the other side you'll be fine. Yeah.
All right, Anna, you're doing great.
Okay. Are you ready to move on here to
sauce number two? Number two. All right.
So up next we have just winging it.
Okay.
Still good. Yeah. There we go.
So recently the Academy Awards announced
a new category to recognize achievement
in stunt design. Mhm. M if you were in
charge of the criteria for that award,
what do you think are like the most
important things to focus on? Like are
there elements of best of the best
Hollywood action sequences in your
opinion? I think yes. I would say like
feeling like it's a one like you know
like a one continuous shot. That would
be cool. That's important to to feel
like you're in the moment. Um so
definitely no cuts. No cuts. No cuts.
Um, I would say just being original,
like doing things that you haven't seen
before, like surprising people. What
else? What am I missing? I You know
what? To me, you nailed it. That was you
just pulling an arrow, hitting a
bullseye. Right. Y those two things.
Yep. How are you doing so far? I'm good.
I'm I'm good. Woo. I like that. From
nervous to confident. I can see it
already. It's not going to go well.
[Music]
I'm ready.
So, lately we've been in the habit of
asking actors about the scenes that they
dreaded doing from the second they read
them in the script to when they saw it
up on the call sheet scheduled. Yeah.
What is it about the chaotic dinner
scene in Eden, which I understand took 3
days to shoot, that made it one of the
scariest things you've ever done?
Singing. I hated it. I mean, I remember
when I talked to Ron and I was like,
"Ron, I really think I should lip- sync.
Like, this is not for me." And he he
just didn't want to hear it. He was
like, "No, you're singing. You're
singing. It's, you know, if you do it
bad, it's good for the character."
That's what I'm like, "Yeah, but people
don't know that." Um, so anyways, I I
just couldn't I just couldn't convince
him to let me lip sync. So, I had to
learn the
song. It was horrible. I was terrified.
I would rather do a hundred stunts than
than sing song. Yeah, it was it was
terrifying because also in front of all
the actors and I just I don't know. I
just I just felt very exposed and
vulnerable and it's not it's not one of
my talents for sure.
[Music]
Every time I'm so nervous.
They're messy. They are messy.
And then just be careful around the
eyes, you know.
Yeah, I definitely don't want this on my
eyes. So, in the Spanish class SNL skit
that you did with Marcelo Hernandez and
Carol G, you rattle off a long list of
Cuban foods, everything from rope vieja
to durrio, if you were to put together
your last meal on earth Cuban style,
what would that feast look like? Like,
what are the dishes that are most
nostalgic to you? Oo, Cuban food is just
comfort food for me and it's very basic,
you know. It's it's rice and beans. The
black beans are my favorite. Um,
definitely raka. Uh, the toston is the
picadija is good, too. It's um minced
meat in a in tomato sauce and with
olives and all that is like Cuban food
is really well like condimented.
It's not spicy. You say we're
condimented over here. No. No. but not
this kind of uh spice. It's spices, not
spicy. So, it's it's just oh my gosh, I
I love it. It's so it's so yummy. What
would you say distinguishes a grape
mojito from a mediocre one? I think it's
the the
the how much sugar you put it like it's
a fine line between making it like way
too sweet and like just the right
amount, you know, like um and the rum is
important. You have to. It's white rum
Havana 3. That's what it is. You can't
put anything else in it. Rules to live
by. Yes.
[Music]
Oh my god.
Would you like the mustard? It's all
right. You know, I'm kind of like you. I
kind of like the more citrusy Yeah. hot
sauces. You know, like a little uh fruit
to undercut the heat. This one's pretty
hearty, you know. Oo.
Yeah.
Oh, Sean.
I know it's another level, but we're
here. Yeah, we got this. I've been
dealing lately with a lot of high fever,
you know, allergies. Yeah. From this
kind of clears them out. I know. Where
were they when I needed them last week?
I was really congested and now I'm like,
look at this. Yeah. Well, now you know
you have this tool in the kit should you
ever need it again. All right. and we're
giving you the sauces to go, so you'll
have Yeah. your own medicine bag. Okay.
Can you talk me through the level of
detail that went into putting together
the scene in Knives Out where you puke
on Chris Evans's face? Like, is it true
that you and director Ryan Johnson
experimented with different kinds of
baby food to see which projectile had
like the longest shot in the air and
what looked best on camera? Yes, it is
true. We had to, you know, we had the
props guys like having like different
textures and mixes in different cups and
we went outside the house while they
were lighting the room and I was just
with Ryan out there and crazy. Pretty
much everyone came out just to see it
was an event. Yeah, it was an event and
we needed like on Chris's face like
really well. So we did one that had like
was kind of chunky. Yeah. Yeah. You want
to be authentic. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Real
to the floor, you know. He's so
handsome. We wanted to like really Yeah.
mess with
[Music]
him. I feel good.
Right. So, how are you feeling? I'm okay
if you're okay. You know,
but this one to me, it's like, you know
how we had this tropical one at number
one that you're like, "Oh, it's so
nice." This has that tropical vibe, but
then it has that I know. They all they
all take like a little minute to like
really come alive. Yep. Yeah.
So, through your career so far, you've
gained admiration and support from some
true heavy hitters in Hollywood. From
Robert Dairo to Daniel Craig to Keano
Reeves. What, if anything, have you
learned from them about what it means to
be number one on the call sheet? the way
that they command a set when they have
that distinction. You know, going to LA
or going to Hollywood was never a plan
for me. I moved to Spain and then from
Spain to LA, but it was it was just kind
of happening naturally. I just never
planned on it. And to be on set with
them was always uh kind of like a pinch
me moment every time. And I've worked
with Yeah. Like you said, really, really
amazing people. The project becomes the
project because of the people in them
and the way they collaborate and they
lead by example.
This one, right? Yeah. It's called
Apricot. Emphasis on the hot. Is that
the one you were warning me about? No.
No, not yet. That'll be the next one.
But let's take our wins where we get
them here, you know.
[Music]
Oh, I don't like this. Oh.
What is it? It's almost like a spicy
lemon to me when I bite into it. You
know, like it has a citrus quality to
it, but then it contends with that
spice. Yeah. A little sour, little
spice, right? Puts us in that mode.
So, when you're watching your own
performance, is there a technical aspect
that you're always critiquing of
yourself or that you're trying to take
to the next level? Like, when you watch
yourself, when are you your own biggest
critic? I hate watching myself. I have
to say,
what was the question?
I'm curious like when you watch
yourself, what are your own biggest
critic? Yeah. So, yeah, I'm uh that also
that that that goes all the way through
to the end. So, I start seeing early
cuts of the film. So, I've kind of like
got gotten better at watching myself and
like trying to like separate myself from
from my performance alone and just look
at the whole thing, the whole picture
and what what's good for the film
sometimes, you know, it's not what
selfishly you would want to, you know,
for yourself. I'm very perfectionist and
I like things, you know, they can always
be improved. They can always be better.
Is the one. Yeah, you know too much.
This is the bomb beyond insanity.
Okay.
Okay. My bomb. Mhm.
Scott beyond insanity. Oh my
god. Sean, this is bad. Yeah,
I know that look. I know that look. Who
put me here? Who volunteered me for
this?
Oh my god. I know. I
know. But this is as bad as it gets.
Okay. Well,
so I understand that in preparation for
your role as Marilyn Monroe and Blonde
that you watched her filmography
hundreds of times. Do you have a Mount
Rushmore of Marilyn Monroe movies? Like
four movies that you'd recommend to
maybe people in the audience who only
have a casual awareness of her career in
acting? Oh my gosh.
What is this? I know. It's, you know,
just a habanero
pepper that's concentrated.
Oh, no. I know.
We could only laugh through the pain of
it all.
Bro, please help.
Um, definitely.
Um, some like it hot. A classic.
Some Like it hot. It's really amazing.
She's wonderful in it. I love the prince
on the show girl. She's so relaxed and
you can see her like really enjoying
that character. Niagara is another
classic that I really loved. Jennal
prefer blondes. Those are that's a good
one. And then be careful. Be careful.
Yeah.
It kind of like went away, you know.
Yeah. Yeah. fight. But the problem with
this show is, you know, the storm
clears, the clouds break, the sunshine
comes in, and then more dark clouds
start rolling in.
What are you telling me? That there are
two more to go.
Oh my god, that was so bad. You can keep
that one. I don't want it.
[Music]
I'm just numbed.
This is good. You like it? No, I mean
it's good that I'm numb.
It's good. Yeah. Great. As someone who's
had a big acting career both here and
abroad, I'm curious. Is there a
difference between like a Spanish movie
going audience and American moviegoing
audience? Like is there any difference
in like what somebody who buys a movie
ticket in Madrid is looking for versus
someone in LA?
The influence of American cinema in in
Europe is more um is a is stronger I
would
say. Uh and Europeans like European
films for the you know like it's it's a
kind of like um
you cannot do that. Be careful. No.
Um, I think Europeans also or Spanish
people have a a pretty wide um spectrum
of of they they know about cinema,
right? You know, and they they have they
have good taste, you know. Yeah.
All right, Anna. This is it.
[Music]
You don't have to if you don't want to.
Ah, you can't say that to me.
You can't say that to me. I love it.
Okay.
O, good thing you did that.
Cheers, Anna. Look at you all the way
through. Oh my god, I can't believe I'm
doing this.
Okay. All right. Cheers. Cheers. Here we
go. Here we go.
[Music]
And with that, Anna de Armis, you have
run the Hot Ones gauntlet. And just one
more question before we get you out of
here. And you know, my favorite thing
about watching the John Wick films is
the use of practical everyday objects in
fight sequences.
Looking around right now, if you were to
storyboard out a combat scene, how might
you use what's here in the studio to
your advantage?
Um, well, I would definitely get this
bottle, break it, and I think I would
just like, you know, um, make sure
you're close to me, like on the table.
Mhm. So, I would just probably smash
your head on the table on top of the
sauce and the glass. The shards of
glass. Well, you know what? That right
there sounds like it's worth the price
of admission. And look at you, Anna de
Armas, taking on the wings of death,
looking to tell the tale, and now
there's nothing left to do but roll out
the red carpet for you. This camera,
this camera, or this camera? Let the
people know what you have going on in
your life. What do I have? What if you
have like a movie coming out or
something? Oh, yes, I do. Um, so yeah, I
have my movie Ballerina coming out on
June 6 in theaters. Please watch it.
You're going to like it.
Yeah. Thank you.
Great job. Oh my god.
Oh, this is insane.
[Laughter]
My lawyer came all the way here just to
see me. Just to see me. Yeah. Yeah. To
serve me. Going. Yeah. Am I Are you here
to support me or
to Oh my god.
Hey, what's going on, Hot Ones fans? By
now, you know the drill. If you'd like
to taste the show at home, well, I've
got good news for you. The Hot Ones
season 27 10pack is now available.
That's hots.com. hotwes.com. hotwes.com
to get your hands on this box right
here. 10 sauces, one box, your doorstep.
Be careful around the eyes.